No need to apologize
You have always looked down on my migrant worker brothers
The arrogance of a rich man everywhere
sin
Then swap your assets and identities
OK
Dare to disobey
Yun Chen died
We would like to
We do.
Come on guys
Pick any wealthy family
Except for wife and children
Change the rest of the car, house and deposit, right?
Don't brush, don't witness, what's wrong?
Is what you said true?
Don't ask me to see you
Just call me Peerless
You know.
I always say the same
You should have heard of my legend
I'm good at making ordinary people into myths
Any ordinary person
As long as I am willing to help
Can you turn him into the most dazzling myth?
Seven Star Peerless Ah Seven Star Peerless
Today is my wedding day after all
Say something happy
Miss Beidu Jiang Family is both talented and beautiful
Won my heart
From today onwards
He is my man
His business is my business
Bosses from all over the world have the opportunity
Help him and Jiang Jia more
Okay, after all this delay
Everybody's hungry.
Let's start the party hahahahahaha
Mom, let's go eat first, Uncle Wu
Are you really the great Lord Jian Zun?
It's time for this
Why don't you trust your son?
No, no, I don't believe it.
Happiness comes too fast
Son you are amazing
What!